Add length token filter docs #8152 (#8156)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _analyzers/token-filters/length.md

---
layout: default
title: Length
parent: Token filters
nav_order: 240
---

# Length token filter

> The `length` token filter is used to remove tokens that don't meet specified length criteria, such as minimum and maximum values, from the token stream.

Reviewer: As written, this implies that there are sometimes other length criteria considered. Are there, or does this filter only consider the `min` and `max` values?

Reviewer 2: Only min and max - reworded.

> The `length` token filter is used to remove tokens that don't meet specified length criteria, such as minimum and maximum values, from the token stream.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `length` token filter is used to remove tokens that don't meet specified length criteria (minimum and maximum values) from the token stream.
```

## Parameters

The `length` token filter can be configured with the following parameters.

Parameter | Required/Optional | Data type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :--- 

> `min` | Optional | Integer | Minimum length of tokens that should be created. Default is `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`min` | Optional | Integer | The minimum token length. Default is `0`.
```

> `max` | Optional | Integer | Maximum length of tokens that should be created. Default is `Integer.MAX_VALUE` (`2147483647`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`max` | Optional | Integer | The maximum token length. Default is `Integer.MAX_VALUE` (`2147483647`).
```
